docs: update networking ports (#33209)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/networking.mdx

Some Teleport services listen for traffic to one of their proxied resources,
meaning that you can expose ports on that service's host directly to clients.
This is useful when you need to connect to resources directly if the Proxy
Service becomes unavailable. 

<Admonition
  type="tip"
  title="Note"
>

>   Only self-hosted Teleport clusters support Teleport services exposing ports.

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Author: Since you can't dial to the auth server you can't have the SSH service or other services exposing ports. As an example you can't expose the SSH port 3022 as the means of connecting.

Reviewer: Gotcha. How about something like this?

In Teleport Cloud, the Auth and Proxy Services run in Teleport-owned infrastructure.
For this reason, Teleport Cloud customers must connect their resources via reverse tunnels.
Exposing ports for direct dial is only supported in self-hosted deployments.

Author: updated!

| - | - | - |
| 3022 | SSH Service | Incoming SSH connections.|
| 3026 | Kubernetes Service | HTTPS traffic to a Kubernetes API server.| 
| 3028 | Windows Desktop Service | Teleport Desktop Protocol traffic from Teleport clients.|

> Applications, and Databases registered with their respective Teleport Service
> can only be accessed via the Teleport Proxy Service, not directly via their
> Service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can only access enrolled applications and databases through the Teleport Proxy Service.
You can't access them directly using the Teleport Application Service or Teleport Database Service.
```
I'm not sure I captured your intended meaning because the sentence is a little bit awkward (maybe trying to convey too much?).

| - | - | - |
| 3022 | SSH Service | Incoming SSH connections.|
| 3026 | Kubernetes Service | HTTPS traffic to a Kubernetes API server.| 
| 3028 | Windows Desktop Service | Teleport Desktop Protocol traffic from Teleport clients.|

You can only access enrolled applications and databases through the Teleport Proxy Service.

> The Teleport Application Service and Teleport Database Service leverage the reverse tunnel
> connections through the Teleport Proxy service and cannot expose ports directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Teleport Application Service and Teleport Database Service use reverse tunnel
connections through the Teleport Proxy Service and cannot expose ports directly.
```
- "use" instead of "leverage" for readability
- Fixing "Proxy Service" capitalization
